Well, I had something else I wanted to tell you all.
I've been praying about it.
I told you all about two or three videos ago that I was trying to use AI to translate languages to do videos for other countries, like Russia and France, and be able to translate into those languages.
I had some people reach out to me, but they were charging a lot of money, so I was asking the Lord for an idea.
I started just praying in the Spirit and asking the Lord because I know it's on my heart to reach these other nations for Jesus, but there is a language barrier.
I had my son start studying it; my son is very smart, like his mother.
He said, "Dad, I found it.
" They charge by the minute, but they match your lips and everything.
Some of it is kind of hokey; it's like when you're watching those old Chinese fighting movies where the guy is talking and then, a couple of seconds later, his lips are moving, and it looks bad.
I didn't want that; it looks cheesy.
I want it to be like I'm really speaking.
He found one, and long story short, we're going to start with the Russian channel first.
I think it's going to be about five grand to do the Russian channel, and then we're going to do the Spanish channel, which is another five grand.
As the Lord provides, I'm just believing that I'm going to have all these channels.
I believe with all my heart that we can reach these people.
I told Pastor Steve about it, and he was really excited—Pastor Steve Cioccolanti.
He asked if they have Thai, and I said, "Yes, Pastor, I believe they do.
" My son found it.
Then we were talking about Portuguese and a lot of languages because these people need Jesus.
They don't have people preaching like this over there.
In America, we take all this for granted.
I truly believe there are a lot of hungry, desperate people that don't get the gospel like we do.
If we can reach them through a short or a YouTube video and they give their heart to Jesus, then we did our job.
He said if you preach the gospel throughout the whole world, then the end will come.
We have to tell the people that Jesus is coming, from the big continents to the little islands.
If they speak a different language over there, they need to hear the gospel too—the Philippines or wherever.
I was excited to see what door the Lord opened through this AI technology translating these videos like this.
Like I said, I didn't feel a peace about some of these other people; I feel like they're just trying to use my platform to make money off of me, and I just don't trust it.
I felt a caution while talking to them.
I appreciate everyone who reached out, and I'm not saying everyone had a bad motive, but I had a lot of emails.
I didn't feel peace about going in any direction until my son found this.
As the Lord provides, I'm going to do it.
Get ready to look for the Russian channel.
If you know anybody that speaks Russian or Spanish and they have a problem with English, tell them to go over there, like, and subscribe, because I'm going to put each video I've made over there.
I'm redoing them because I think I do a better job than when I first started.
God bless you all.
Let's get back to the message.
Good morning, family.
How are y'all doing today?
I have some things on my heart again.
I was praying last night and I want to talk to you all about a video I made about eight or nine months ago.
I had an open-eye vision like I always do when I'm praying.
I believe it was a vision, and it was one of the most serious visions I ever remember having.
Back then, the word seemed so out there, like how was this going to take place?
This was last summer, around July.
I'm just going to come out and talk about this again; I want to rehash this.
It shook me, and it was one of the first big warning visions I shared.
I saw men that were Middle Eastern; they looked like Al-Qaeda.
They had Al-Qaeda outfits—white things on their heads—because Al-Qaeda always had white outfits, while ISIS had black.
That's why I thought it was Al-Qaeda, though it could have been someone else.
They came across the southern border and went to a water facility.
They had a vial of something in their hands, and I saw them measure it and pour it into the drinking water.
I remember there was a massive chain-link fence that had barbed wire at the top and warning signs on the gate.
I saw these men break into this facility and dump just a little bit of the stuff into the water.
It didn't take a lot—maybe a tablespoon.
All of a sudden, the vision switched to children vomiting profusely; they were all very sick.
I could see the mothers trying to comfort the children, and they were bent over throwing up also.
I saw the fathers consoling the mothers, and they were vomiting too.
The children passed away first, then the mothers, and then the fathers.
The bigger you were, it seemed it didn't affect you as quickly.
Then I was shown a map: Atlanta, Georgia; Alabama; Mississippi; Louisiana; and then it went down to the Houston area.
Everybody was freaking out.
This is like 700 or 800 miles from Houston to Florida.
There was a water crisis throughout that area because those men must have poisoned a lot of different locations.
On the news, they were telling people not to drink the water.
They put a mandate out for everybody from the Gulf Coast all the way up through the states to Tennessee.
People went to Walmart and Target, but there was not enough bottled water to help everybody because there were literally millions of people that needed water.
I remember the Lord showed me that Houston was hit the hardest, but Houston didn't have anybody that was poisoned; they were just told on the media not to drink the water.
It was from Louisiana over that the people were sick.
People were scared to drink the water in their homes, and some were dying of thirst because they couldn't get water.
I don't understand why they were dying of thirst, to be real with you, because they could have maybe gotten in the car and driven away, but the Lord showed me homeless people and others who didn't have enough water in the heat.
I saw people with wells, like farmers, trying to help others fill containers to sustain life.
Anyone who had a well was okay, but the people who had city water were in trouble.
There were massive graves.
So many people had perished that I saw white bags that looked like massive trash bags.
People in Hazmat suits—probably FEMA—were zipping the bags up and stacking them.
There was a massive grave, fields as huge as a football field.
There were too many people to bury normally with a graveside service, so they put them all in one massive grave with a memorial—a massive American eagle on top, similar to the World Trade Center memorial.
It was a major catastrophic event.
The memorial was stone or marble, a beautiful eagle with a plaque.
I believe this was in Alabama.
I come on here for intercessory prayer.
I see prophetically, and the Lord warns me of things we can stop through prayer.
We have authority over all of it.
I believe with all my heart God gave us authority in this earth until the Rapture of the church.
We can change a lot of things.
Brother Hagin used to talk about that, saying the Lord was holding the church responsible for things he or Jeanie Wilkerson would see prophetically.
Through intercessory prayer, we have the power to change this stuff.
I felt that inside again during the eclipse and the acceleration of warnings about the earthquake, the New Madrid fault, the EMP attack, and the things I've seen.
I'm able to talk a lot better now that I'm getting used to the camera.
To God be the glory, it was rough at first; my son took hours trying to edit my stuff so I didn't look like a bozo.
I really feel in my heart that this looks more apt now than nine months ago.
If you look at where the state of America is, I just want people to be guarded and listen to the voice of the Lord.
Pray without ceasing and seek His face daily.
If you feel in your heart to buy water for your family, then buy water.
It was a warning to pray for the people that they would hear the Lord and that we could stop this.
I get tired of the doom and gloom, but we're in that season to warn people.
I warned you about the shootings at Coachella coming up.
That was the warning I got this time last year.
The Lord told me to pray over this because it is a plot from the enemy.
I saw bad men in Europe having a meeting with the devil.
We can stop this through prayer.
I'm bringing up a prayer force.
I have a lot of intercessory prayer people that follow me and listen to this channel who know how to take their authority.
We are seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers.
We have authority and can stop things.
There's power in numbers.
If that leads you to pray, please do.
I brought it up nine months ago and it came up in my spirit again.
We want to be watchful in these days, not to stir up fear, but to be vigilant.
The adversary roams the earth like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour, but he's not going to devour us.
We're not going to allow him to devour our families because we are King's kids and Jesus lives on the inside of us.
Father, I thank You for every single person on this YouTube channel.
I thank You, Lord, that the covering is over their families.
No weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it will not come near us.
We can drink any deadly thing and it will not harm us.
Your angels bear us up in their hands.
We have authority and we can tread on serpents and scorpions.
No biological weapon shall touch any believer in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank You that whatever the devil's planning, we see it in advance and we stop his tactics.
We bind the devil off of our families.
We are covered by the blood of Jesus from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
We are the victors.
We have overcome him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We're not going to be in fear or worry because we have perfect peace as our minds are stayed on Thee.
We trust You with our future.
You have us in Your hand.
You know every need and every bill.
You have everything under control.
You own the cattle on a thousand hills and You provide all our needs according to Your riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
I pray for supernatural increase on their houses and over their marriages.
I thank You for spouses that are on fire for You.
We call their children saved and filled with the Holy Ghost.
We thank You for Your healing power that flows on the inside of us.
We don't have to have sickness or disease or demonic strongholds.
I thank You for healing and wholeness over every single person.
Whether it's something big or small, it's all under the blood.
I thank You for creative miracles, even new body parts.
I thank You for healing over Joyce's kidney.
For people believing for new pancreases, hearts, or livers—nothing is too big for You.
You're the same yesterday, today, and forever.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
Amen.
Thank you for watching.
Subscribe to our videos and click the notification bell.
Yesterday, I did a thing about the temple and the plague, and YouTube muted me.
I shouldn't have brought up the plague on a live video; I should have thought that through.
Hopefully, that video blessed you anyway.
God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much.
We'll see you next time.
Have a blessed day.